Where exactly should you place your Opt-In forms and lead magnet offers in order to capture as many
emails as possible?
Let's take a look.
If your blog has a sidebar, you should try to utilize that space wisely.
The very first thing in your sidebar, in most cases should be an opt in form.
This is something that's going to be visible on every page, at least for your desktop visitors and
people expect to see an opt in form there.
So if they're looking for it, that'll probably be the first place they check.
A lot of bloggers failed to capture leads at the end of their posts, and they're missing a huge opportunity
there.
If somebody reads all the way to the end of your post, they're clearly engaged with your content.
So that's a perfect place to ask them to join your list by offering some kind of free resource.
In exchange, you can also include an opt in form right within your post content itself.
Again, you've already got the readers attention, so why not throw in a relevant offer and get them
on your list and the longer your content, the more opt in forms you can get away with.
I would only include one if your post is in the 500 to 1000 word range, but if you've got a monster
post with three or four thousand words, you can feel justified with two or three opt in offers within
the content itself for best results.
Your offer should always be a natural extension of the surrounding content.
In other words, trying to offer something that's relevant to that post in particular.
Here's an easy one.
If you have a core lead magnet that you want to promote to your entire audience, your navigation bar
is prime real estate to do just that.
Use an enticing label and link to a landing page where people can opt in and pick up your freebie.
And finally, don't neglect the about page.
You're about page is where people go to learn who you are and what you do.
If they're interested enough to do that, they may be interested enough to sign up for your list.
So make sure you have at least one opt in form on your about page.